Anger is a signal and one worth listening to Falling out of love is very enlightening For a short while you see the world with new eyes
We are not certain we are never certain If we were we could reach some conclusions and we could at last make others take us seriously
Big Sur is at the end of the continent It attracts really crazy people
Correspondences are like small clothes before the invention of suspenders it is impossible to keep them up
I am going to Spain to fight an army without a general and thence to the East to fight a general without an army
Optimists are nostalgic about the future
We live in a society of victimization where people are much more comfortable being victimized than actually standing up for themselves
One day your life will flash before your eyes Make sure its worth watching
Strange things blow in through my window on the wings of the night wind and I dont worry about my destiny
Isolation is the sum total of wretchedness to a man
The purpose of a liberal education is to make you philosophical enough to accept the fact that you will never make much money
It may not seem like much but think of the consequences One overdue library book today the collapse of the universe by the end of the week
Never praise a sister to a sister in the hope of your compliments reaching the proper ears
No amount of time can erase the memory of a good cat and no amount of masking tape can ever totally remove his fur from your couch
You have not found your place until all your faculties are roused and your whole nature consents and approves of the work you are doing
If you could travel back in time to the present moment what would you do differently
All my children have spoken for themselves since they first learned to speak and not always with my advance approval and I expect that to continue in the future
We discovered that peace at any price is no peace at all
The world itself is the will to power and nothing else And you yourself are the will to power and nothing else
Anguish of mind has driven thousands to suicide anguish of body none
"Light is more than watts and foot-candles. Light is metaphor. Light is knowledge, light is life, light is light."
"A man without justice is a beast, and a man who would make himself a beast forgets the pain of being a man."
"It's never too late to have a happy childhood. "
"To delight in war is a merit in the soldier, a dangerous quality in the captain, and a positive crime in the statesman. "
"The historian must serve two masters, the past and the present."
"A child understands fear, and the hurt and hate it brings."
""Heirloom" is knitting code for "This pattern is so difficult that you would consider death a relief.""
"If you aren't sure who you are, you might as well work on who you want to be."
"People everywhere confuse what they read in newspapers with news."
"A hospital should also have a recovery room adjoining the cashier's office."
"I don't know what your destiny will be, but one thing I do know - the only ones among you who will be really happy are those who have sought and found how to serve."
"The lost leaves measure our years; they are gone as the days are gone."
"Stand with anybody that stands right, stand with him while he is right and part with him when he goes wrong."
"I would prefer even to fail with honor than win by cheating. "
"States that rise quickly, just as all the other things of nature that are born and grow rapidly, cannot have roots and ramifications; the first bad weather kills them. "
"The time to stop talking is when the other person nods his head affirmatively but says nothing."
"A Sunday well-spent brings a week of content. "
"One must learn to love oneself with a wholesome and healthy love, so that one can bear to be with oneself and need not roam. "
the test of any man's character is how he takes praise
"There is nothing nobler or more admirable than when two people who see eye to eye keep house as man and wife, confounding their enemies and delighting their friends."
"The Kennedy organization doesn't run, it purrs."
"A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it. "
"Success is a journey, not a destination. "
"Mirth, and even cheerfulness, when employed as remedies in low spirits, are like hot water to a frozen limb."
"Truly great madness cannot be achieved without significant intelligence."
"Physics isn't a religion. If it were, we'd have a much easier time raising money."
"Someone who will not speak against another, in the end does them harm. "
"For one man is my world of all the men this wide world holds; O love, my world is you. "
"If wishes were fishes we'd all be throwing nets. If wishes were horses we'd all ride. "
"You must not think me necessarily foolish because I am facetious, nor will I consider you necessarily wise because you are grave."
"One may no more live in the world without picking up the moral prejudices of the world than one will be able to go to hell without perspiring. "
"The only aspect of our travels that is interesting to others is disaster."
"A whole stack of memories never equal one little hope."
"Man who stand on hill with mouth open will wait long time for roast duck to drop in. "
"What office is there which involves more responsibility, which requires more qualifications, and which ought, therefore, to be more honorable, than that of teaching? "
"We are quite rich enough to defend ourselves, whatever the cost. We must now learn that we are quite rich enough to educate ourselves as we need to be educated."
"You should point to the whole man Jesus and say, That is God. "
"He who cherishes the values of culture cannot fail to be a pacifist."
"Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success."
"Never lie when the truth is more profitable."
"He who is to be a good ruler must have first been ruled."
"By gnawing through a dike, even a rat may drown a nation. "
"We know where most of the creativity, the innovation, the stuff that drives productivity lies - in the minds of those closest to the work. "
"I never said all Democrats were saloon-keepers. What I said was that all saloon-keepers are Democrats."
"When our vices desert us, we flatter ourselves that we are deserting our vices."
"The natural superiority of women is a biological fact, and a socially acknowledged reality."
"Girls are like pianos. When they're not upright, they're grand."
"Act as if the maxim of your action were to become through your will a general natural law."

